yeah
this is how you go sweet
potatoes this is the first step
get the sweet potatoes ok
the next step is to get some
some potting soil so I'm gonna
bury him down in there and then
they go into a hot spot and then
they'll spring in action and
start making what is called
slips and we're going to come
back and pull the slips off of
them in a few weeks
these ones look ready
these are little slips so a slip
is a tiny piece of sweet potato
vine that will turn into a whole
new sweet potato plant
already is what we're going to
grow the sweet potatoes then in
a box of wood chips little
freaked out in there
let's get some water here very
important that you give them a
lot of water for like the first
month
put a little jar over it and
that's continuing that
greenhouse effect because you
want to keep it hot and then
come to fall
you just knock the box over if
it's not already rotten by that
point and you pick up the sweet
potatoes you have the dick
it's pretty cool